That's a 16 for Constitution.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
I shake off the cold easily.
I ready my greataxe and step forward.
[AUDIO OUT]
"We're not afraid of you, ice witch!"
I rage and charge at the robed figure with my axe raised.
That's a natural 20 on my attack roll! Critical hit with the greataxe!
I roar with fury as I bring the axe down on the ice creature.
My rage gives me resistance to the cold damage from these wolves.
I use my bonus action to make another attack with my off-hand weapon.
The cold doesn't bother me - I'm a child of the mountains!
I position myself to protect the weaker party members from the wolves.
"You picked the wrong barbarian to mess with today!"
I activate my berserker rage and enter a frenzied state of combat.
Nothing will stop me from protecting my friends from this frozen evil!